There are five scopes available inside of Spring for us to
configure a bean inside of our application.
Valid in any configuration is a singleton, which is actually the default.
You've most likely heard of a singleton before,
but we're going to explain that a little bit more in detail and what that
means in regards to a Spring application in our next demo.
The other scope, though, is a prototype scope.
Prototype is actually a new bean per request.
You typically do want the singleton over the prototype.
The other configurations that are available for beans that are only
valid in web-aware Spring projects are request,
session, and global.
So if you're implementing Spring MVC or even doing a single-page model
application to where you're doing microservices to your front end,
those scopes are only available in that context. Let's look a little bit more at the singleton pattern.